NEW(Docs) project html documentation (#3)
rh-messaging-qe/YamlConfiger: docs/index.md

# YamlConfiger --- AMQ configurator

This tool can generate a set of configuration files mainly needed for
AMQ Broker, but it is not limited to only generating files for one product.

YamlConfiger has a user facing Command Line Tool for quick and easy command line usage.
Furthermore, it is possible to use its API in your python code.

## Documentation

Formatted documentation can be viewed at [rh-messaging-qe.github.io/YamlConfiger/index.html](https://rh-messaging-qe.github.io/YamlConfiger/index.html).

## Contributing

If you find a bug or room for improvement, submit either a ticket or PR.

## Contributors

_Alphabetically ordered_

> * Michal Tóth <mtoth@redhat.com>

Reviewer: Maybe this list should be changed.... Added Dominik, Howard, Jiri already...
AUTHORS.md?

Author: Either AUTHORS.md, or we could add CODEOWNERS to the file tree https://docs.github.com/en/github/creating-cloning-and-archiving-repositories/about-code-owners, and https://github.com/rh-messaging-qe/YamlConfiger/graphs/contributors to docs

Author: doc updated in comments, CODEOWNERS is left for further consideration

> ## Contributors
> 
> _Alphabetically ordered_
> 
> * Michal Tóth <mtoth@redhat.com>
> * Otavio Piske <opiske@redhat.com>
> * Sean Davey <sdavey@redhat.com>
> * Zdenek Kraus <zkraus@redhat.com> (maintainer)

Author: ```suggestion
## Maintainers

_Alphabetically ordered_

* Michal Tóth <mtoth@redhat.com>
* Dominik Lenoch <dlenoch@redhat.com>
* Zdenek Kraus <zkraus@redhat.com>

See GitHub statistics for an [up-to-date list of contributors](https://github.com/rh-messaging-qe/YamlConfiger/graphs/contributors).
```

Reviewer: I don't think I am a maintainer. Probably just Zdenek and Dominik are :)

Author: Ok, I'll delete you.

# YamlConfiger --- AMQ configurator

This tool can generate a set of configuration files mainly needed for
AMQ Broker, but it is not limited to only generating files for one product.

YamlConfiger has a user facing Command Line Tool for quick and easy command line usage.
Furthermore, it is possible to use its API in your python code.

> ## Documentation

Reviewer 2: Will be great if you can replace this part with a link to https://rh-messaging-qe.github.io/YamlConfiger/index.html

Author: done in a suggestion

> this readme and docstrings, for now. Sorry about that.
> 
> I would like to have [readthedocs.org](http://readthedocs.org) documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
Formatted documentation can be viewed at [rh-messaging-qe.github.io/YamlConfiger/index.html](https://rh-messaging-qe.github.io/YamlConfiger/index.html).
```
